decodeuricomponent added example (#5697)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/parsing.md

| `rubyhash`                                                     | Parses properly formatted Ruby hash (e.g. `{name => "John", "job" => {"company" => "Big Company", "title" => "CTO"}}`).                                    |
| `useragent([decodeuricomponent:true/false])`                   | Parses a user-agent and returns a JSON object that contains the device, OS, and the browser represented by the Agent. [Check the User Agent processor][1]. |
| `querystring`                                                  | Extracts all the key-value pairs in a matching URL query string (e.g. `?productId=superproduct&promotionCode=superpromo`).                                |

> | `decodeuricomponent`                                           | This core filter decodes URI components. For instance, it would transform `%2Fservice%2Ftest` into `/service/test`.                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `decodeuricomponent`                                           | This core filter decodes URI components. For instance, it transforms `%2Fservice%2Ftest` into `/service/test`.                                                                                                                  |
```

> | `decodeuricomponent`                                           | This core filter decodes URI components. It can be useful to decode UTF-8 characters (e.g. `%2Fservice%2Ftest` to `/service/test`).                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `decodeuricomponent`                                           | This core filter decodes URI components. For instance, it would transform `%2Fservice%2Ftest` into `/service/test`.                                                                                                                  |
```

Author: Thanks for the rewording, I'd just add "UTF-8 encoded string" as follows: 
`For instance, it would transform a UTF-8 encoded string`%2Fservice%2Ftest` into `/service/test`.                              `
